

nothing is better and pure bliss than

when you're jerking off to pixelated pornographic arts while being aroused simulatously by listening to erotical bgm, and then appreciating good chilling, yet striking music when your mind is in serene state after you have fulfillingly your climaxed destiny

sadly, only a few good nukige got recognized by their excellent melodies and even less so gain an exposure to whole VN community.

I suppose everyone will only present popular osts from well known works and inevitably provide nothing refreshing.
So please allow me, a string&wind instrumentals bgm sentimentalist with an avid interest in 2D pornography,
to introduce obscure pieces (mainly from Nukiges) whose melodies stir pure ecstasy right into my fragile brain.

1. DUO+1 (Sisters : composer Szak, same guy from subahibi [Yoru no Himawari])
Personally one of the best osts amongst my vn career.
Although it has been used in only one occasion during the whole story
(halfly splitted into few scenes, to be more precise), 
this beautiful duo absolutely strucked into my heart and still periodically provides
the irreplacible euphoria until this very day.
2. DESIR (Sono Shuuhen : composer Arte Refact)
Similar to DUO+1, this piece has been used exactly once but I did not taste it full glory 
until I accidentally discovered its whole existence from the soundtrack collection.
Still, it never fails to pumps up my pulse rate when a suitable occasion arises with its gallant melodies.
3. whatever you want to (Tsuma Shibori : composer SHADE&NEY)
At first I did not hold any striking impression about this bgm at all, 
but the more I listen the more I fell into this voluptuous maze of melodies.
At the present, it proudly paved its way into Pavlovian response for my dick.
※Really recommend this game for newcomer nukiger (untranslated however).

Of course, my collection does not limit to those and anything from Mizutsuki Ryou, I've, szak, MANYO, and Shinobu are always welcome.

fucked up list
- pedophile
- molestation (own son and friend)
- incest
- human sacrifice
- self sacrifice
- random manslaughter & homicide
- child abuse & torture
- child negliglance & abandonment
- kidnapping
- (morally) canibalism
- multiple instances of suicide
- self-mulitation
- potential NTR
- fuck mom's friend
- suicide infront of the one who love you dearly... twice
- murduring your lover
- beastality


- an heroine is another heroine step-aunt and attempt to steal crush
- tooya's friend killing is each other
- triangle love. The one who loses will have to either sacrifice her memory, or her life. 


I agree that the writing might play a part in overall bad pacing, but I think the biggest problem is "overabundance of quality"
From what I've played so far (3 routes except Kuro's), each route can easily replace a true route in other VNs easily due to the sheer force of length, emotions, and plots
However, the stories themselve are very serious; It is so natural to quickly drain readers' concentration and desensitize them against overwhelming emotions in no time. 
(not to mention that long text tilts readers easier)
Sadly, there is no proper "emotional padding" relax scene/route to let guard down at all during long serious sequences, 
so some of us who couldn't bear it anymore simply "fuck this shit" and quitted the game, 
or skimmed through some parts instead and lost any sympathy for what the writer was trying to convey in the process.
Maybe it might be better to have typical routes similar to Sakuuta rather than non to give readers a much needed breathing room and prepare their mind for the true route better, but oh well,
guess it's time for me to get back to reading.

skrmy

reading sakuuta at 5 centimetres per second pace. -have nothing to do at work- free time to spare 

turn into fucking looping rollercoaster with 3x of typical length?
Or how the incest-gay relationship surpass across dimension, time, age, and gender?
Or how I realized that surpassing lolis, (ai)onee-san (Asahi)hug is the best thing in existence?

one of the very few work which crushed my heart and crashed my brain at the time.
successfully push my brain and emotional stress to maximum level?  (completely burned out my brain and twisted my heart?)
and awake my masochist tendency to maximum degree, even windling text only reinforce my immersion.
Not only that, it also contain unusual high amount of fucked up thing comparable to Subahibi in some ways which can be compiled as below

 
And I still think Haru confession scene IS THE BEST THING I HAVE SEEN IN MY long eroge journey. 
To see someone finally overcome herself and grasp her own happiness with her earnest feeling, not only it convey the love to the protag but 
the FUCKING FEEL to my heart. Hell, I couldn't do jack shits for a whole day until I replay that scene again and awake from the sweetest memories

Although Kuro route couldn't create the same feel as Haru, the ambitious plot is mad enough to blow a portion of my brain into the night and I have to complied chronologically event in order to see the whole picture
and find out plot holes which can be found as below (SPOILER WARNING 150 lines+)

oh yeah I must confessed sakumoyu almost push over my limit in a few occasion, but I never felt so refreshed by this and it now make me realize 
how fun reading story-heavy VNs (kamige) is 
and thanks to that, once dying passion inside me rekindle again and spark my endless appition for more kamige

but seriously, to anyone who thinks and acknowledges Sakura, Moyu as a mere "self-sacrifice story" need to rethink again
Because the moral lesson the writer wanted to convey is not about self-satisfaction sacrifices at all
it's about "forgiving oneself, live, and spend one life for other people"

you see, the main reason every main charcter seem to sacrifice themselve for is because
"they cannot forgive their past grievous mistake, or possibly overcome their past losts"

maybe you cant empathy with their ridiculous pessimism or whatever,
but I once experience this shit and understand it too well.
that you have to bear with the heavy sin for your whole life, so if I can choose a choice between suicide,
having your self-hatred rotting your mind away, 
or sacrifice yourself in hope for better result and make your guilty thought stop completely, why not the latter?

now you might realize by now but behind "beautiful sacrifice"
is just an ugly truth about characters who cant forgive themselve and want to atone themselve by suffering
in their own punishment, so its nothing you can call it beautiful about, even a tiny fraction of bit.

and this work exactly show that sometimes you need the help of the others to move on,
maybe you also have to forget and even abandon the problem in order to gain self happiness.
(just like how Haru had to left her mom forever inside 時間の墓場 to seek new happiness in new timeline
, or how fake Taiga need to abandon his great-sacrifice plan for the sake of Kuro )

Nonetheless, if you are feeling down and can't forgive yourself for whatever reason,
sincerely seek forgiveness from other people, and especially oneself, and live to the fullest to atone that feeling.

cant help reading long tedious text I must agree


